---
title: Sports Safety
permalink: /other-information/school-safety-information/sports-safety/
description: ""
third_nav_title: School Safety Information
variant: tiptap
---
<p><strong>Safety precautions during Sport activities within curriculum hour (include PE and CCA)</strong></p><p>Students are:</p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>to inform the teacher if they do not feel well</p></li><li><p>to inform the teacher when they sustain an injury during activity or CCA</p></li><li><p>to inform the teacher if he/she has any medical condition (e.g. recovering from flu, asthma, fractures, weak heart etc.).</p></li><li><p>to drink plenty of water before, during and after the activity or CCA to avoid dehydration.</p></li><li><p>to have with them, at all time, any special medication (e.g. asthma inhalants) that they may need.</p></li><li><p>to observe all safety rules and regulations pertaining to the specific sport/game.</p><p></p></li></ul><p><strong>Safety precautions for playing sports/games outside curriculum hour</strong></p><p>Students are not to:</p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>participate in any games if they are not feeling well.</p></li><li><p>engage in physical activities when the venue is deemed not suitable for activities. For eg. Flooring is wet and deemed unsuitable for play.</p></li><li><p>leave any litter behind at the playing areas.</p></li></ul><p>Students are to</p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>report to the General Office (Tel: 65873683) if there are any injuries.</p></li><li><p>report to the General Office (Tel: 65873683) if there are any damage to school property.</p></li><li><p>be responsible for their own valuables.</p></li><li><p>seek shelter immediately when the Lightning Warning System (LWS) is activated.</p></li><li><p>bring their own equipment for unstructured play (own play) – highly recommended.</p><p></p></li></ul><p><strong><em>Latest update: 3 Jan 2024</em></strong></p>