---
title: Administrative Information
permalink: /student-information/sec-1-students-2024/administrative-information/
description: ""
third_nav_title: Sec 1 Students 2024
variant: tiptap
---
<p><strong>Sec 1 Registration and Orientation 2024</strong></p><p><br></p><div class="iframe-wrapper"><iframe height="389" width="640" allowfullscreen="true" frameborder="0" src="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/e/2PACX-1vSjAPnXV1Lx1i5x5SnCMOIxciRpeQRI8Kml9uWe3IPWkvuuiWG9RFNw1nGPAl8aelyoAOhS830IyIii/embed?start=false&amp;loop=false&amp;delayms=3000"></iframe></div><p>As part of the Secondary 1 Registration, we kindly request parents/guardians to complete this registration form.</p><p>If the form below is not loaded, you can also fill it in at&nbsp;<a href="https://form.gov.sg/5fc9c6d7ccebe00011efb6f8" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank"><u>here</u></a>.</p><div class="iframe-wrapper"><iframe allowfullscreen="true" frameborder="0" src="https://form.gov.sg/5fc9c6d7ccebe00011efb6f8"></iframe></div><p>Powered by&nbsp;<a href="https://form.gov.sg/" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank"><u>FormSG</u></a></p><p><strong>Class Allocation and Timetable</strong><br>Come 2024 we welcome our Sec 1s to the Full Subject Based Banding (FSBB). Each Form Class bridges students from diverse subject combinations. It offers more opportunities for students to interact with others, with different strengths and interests.</p><p>You will be able to check your child's class allocation&nbsp;<a href="https://script.google.com/macros/s/AKfycbzTqFanN55xJRtHBsoQUoLxjxaXizEjvlnSjjtlW3mquKSsTA0wi4aGwqsvchuQLdfLBA/exec" rel="noopener" target="_blank"><u>here</u></a>&nbsp;from 27 Dec 2023, 3pm or via the Parents Gateway app, under "Contacts" when it is updated.</p><p>The Class timetables will be posted on the school website on a later date.</p><p><strong>First Day of School &amp; Orientation 2024</strong></p><p>Students will report at 0735 on 2 Jan 2024. Students will report to the hall, and then directed to their respective classroom.</p><p>Sec One Orientation will be from 2 – 5 Jan (Tues to Fri) 2024. The customised timetable for the week can be found in the slide above.</p><p>What to wear: PE attire and shoes (Primary School attire is fine if Junyuan uniform is not ready).</p><p>What to bring: Stationery, notebook, water bottle, money for recess, oral digital thermometer.</p><p><strong>School Smart Cards Secondary</strong><br>All students entering Secondary One in Jan 2024 will be issued with a new Secondary level School Smart Cards (SSC). While Secondary One Students are waiting for their Secondary level SSCs to be ready, they can continue to use their Primary level SSCs for concessionary travel till end Apr 2024. Students can still purchase the Bus Concession Pass (BCP) using their Primary level SSCs but they would need to purchase the BCP for Secondary School students.<strong><br></strong></p><p><strong>School Fees via GIRO</strong><br>There is<strong> no need</strong> for reapplication when moving on to Secondary school if your child’s school fees had been paid via GIRO in primary school. A new application is required only if there is a change of GIRO account. Application forms can be obtained from the General Office or email us<strong><br></strong></p><p><strong>Photography &amp; Use of Social Media</strong><br>Areas in the school may be subjected to images captured as part of the daily functioning of the school, using film photography, digital photography, video or any other medium. As such, photographs or video images of the students may be taken during school activities and events such as classroom lessons, CCA, school camps, or school concerts.&nbsp;</p><p>The school may use and publish such photographs or video recordings in school publications, the school’s website, social media channels, or other communication channels. These may also be provided to the media for publication in local or national newspapers or educational magazines.</p><p><strong>Other Important Information</strong></p><p>Students can choose to wear white school shoes or sports shoes* on school days.</p><p><em>*Do take note sports shoes does not include sneakers, canvas shoes or any other form of shoes not meant for sports activities.</em></p><p>Our school normal reporting and dismissal time is as below. Please ensure your child/ward reports punctually for school.</p><table><tbody><tr><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Days</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Reporting Time</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Dismissal Time</p></th></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Monday, Tuesday, Thursday</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>By 7.50 a.m.</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Depends on timetable</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Wednesday</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>By 8.25 a.m.</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Depends on timetable</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Friday</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>By 8.25 a.m.</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>At 12.25 p.m.</p></td></tr></tbody></table><p></p>