---
title: Privacy Policy
permalink: /other-information/privacy-policy/
description: ""
---
<p>1. This is a Junyuan Secondary School website. Thank you for examining our privacy statement.&nbsp;</p>
<p>2. If you are only browsing this website, we do not capture data that allows us to identify you individually.&nbsp;</p>
<p>3. If you choose to make an application or send us an e-mail for which you provide us with personally identifiable data, we may share necessary data with other Government agencies, so as to serve you in a most efficient and effective way, unless such sharing is prohibited by legislation. We will NOT share your personal data with non-Government entities, except where such entities have been authorised to carry out specific Government services.&nbsp;</p>
<p>4. For your convenience, we may also display to you data you had previously supplied us or other Government agencies. This will speed up the transaction and save you the trouble of repeating previous submissions. Should the data be out-of-date, please supply us the latest data. We will retain your personal data only as necessary for the effective delivery of public services to you.&nbsp;</p>
<p>5. To safeguard your personal data, all electronic storage and transmission of personal data are secured with appropriate security technologies.&nbsp;</p>
<p>6. This site may contain links to non-Government sites whose data protection and privacy practices may differ from ours. We are not responsible for the content and privacy practices of these other websites and encourage you to consult the privacy notices of those sites</p>
<p>7. Photography &amp; Use of Social Media Areas in the school may be subjected to images captured as part of the daily functioning of the school, using film photography, digital photography, video or any other medium. As such, photographs or video images of the students may be taken during school activities and events such as classroom lessons, CCA, school camps, or school concerts. The school may use and publish such photographs or video recordings in school publications, the school's website, social media channels, or other communication channels. These may also be provided to the media for publication in local or national newspaper or educational magazines.&nbsp;</p>
<p>8. Please direct any queries about data collection to the school's Data Officer at <a href="mailto:junyuan_ss@moe.edu.sg">junyuan_ss@moe.edu.sg</a></p>